ASH: Was that great!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Squishy? You feel good?
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Squishy and me Nuzzling
cheeks Best friends forever
We're so happy..I promise I'll
never leave SquishySweet,
little Squishy Here's my song
for you My sweet Squishy
That's you!
SERENA: Wow, Bonnie!
What a nice song!
BONNIE: I just made it up.
I call it Squishy's Song!
SQUISHY: [CONTENT]
NARRATOR: On their way to
Snowbelle City, site of Ash's
eighth Gym battle challenge,
our heroes are being watched
from the shadows
SECRETARY: Headquarters.
JAMES: Put us
through to the Boss.
SECRETARY: Hold on.
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Giovanni, SIR!
GIOVANNI: Oh, it's you.
Is something wrong?
JESSIE: Sir!
There's something you need to
know of the utmost importance!
JAMES: That's right! There is an
evil organization that stands in
Team Rocket's way of
conquering the world, and
they're located here in Kalos.
MEOWTH: Yeah!
GIOVANNI: Have you seen them?
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: Yes!
JESSIE: And they think they're
so cool with their red outfits
and their fashion eyewear.
GIOVANNI: So they are real
JAMES: You know about them?
GIOVANNI: All right then. Stay
right there in Kalos. Find out
this organization's intentions.
JESSIE, JAMES,
MEOWTH: Will do, sir!
JESSIE: There's something else
we think you should know!
MEOWTH: They're after a
certain kind of Pokémon,
which is brand new!
GIOVANNI: Brand new?
MEOWTH: I've got pictures.
Hold on.
GIOVANNI: Oh
JAMES: It is able to
combine with certain Cells
and transform freely! I've
never seen a Pokémon like it!
GIOVANNI: Then catch it. You
must catch it before they do.
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: Sir!
GIOVANNI: Good.
I'm counting on you.
MEOWTH: So he's counting
on us. He LOVES us!
JESSIE: So much has happened
during our time in Kalos
JAMES: Looking back,
the challenging days
JESSIE: So true, however
What must we do?
JAMES: Stop the glasses gang
in their arrogant tracks!
MEOWTH: Then back to
headquarters for a slap
on the back!
JAMES: But what about those
Twerps and Pikachu, too?
JESSIE: First things first.
We do what we must do.
JAMES: Then it's settled!
JESSIE: And a‐searching
we will go!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Glasses gang HO!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: We're outta here, yo
JESSIE, JAMES: SO!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: It's
all for the Boss, you know!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
DEDENNE: [PLAYFUL]
HAWLUCHA: [PROUD]
PIKACHU: [PLAYFUL]
CHESPIN: [PLAYFUL]
PANCHAM: [INVITING]
CHESPIN: [INVITING]
BONNIE: Hey Squishy? Pancham
and Chespin wanna play.
SQUISHY: [UNINTERESTED]
PIKACHU: [INVITING]
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
PANCHAM: [ENCOURAGING]
SQUISHY: [EXERTION]
ASH: I think Squishy would
rather take a nap now.
PIKACHU: [UNDERSTANDING]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU, PANCHAM,
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
B CORE : [CALLING]
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
SQUISHY: What is it?
What's happening?
B CORE: [SCARED]
DRUDDIGON: [ROAR]
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
SQUISHY: Respond! Respond!
BONNIE: Squishy?
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: What's the matter?
SQUISHY: [SAD]
BONNIE: I think that
you're feeling sad.
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: I'll always know what
you're feeling and I'll always
be there to catch youI'll care
for you and always be with you.
To me, Squishy, your feelings
are so real! I'll never leave
Squishy My sweet
Squishy That's you!
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
SQUISHY: [RELAXED]
SQUISHY: I hope you're safe
B CORE: [SCREAM]/[PAINED GRUNT]
WEAVILE: [TRIUMPHANT]
B CORE: [DEFIANT]/[SURPRISED]
DRUDDIGON: [THREATENING]
MABLE: Weavile, excellent work.
ALIANA: And my Druddigon
did well too, you know.
B CORE: [DEFIANT]
B CORE: [SCREAM]/[PAINED
GRUNT]/[STRUGGLING]
MABLE: Z2, you're
coming with us.
B CORE: [DEFIANT]/[STRUGGLING]
MABLE: This is Mable. Doctor,
the beam is very effective.
MABLE: Z2 can no longer
camouflage itself.
XEROSIC: Of course! The beam's
my invention, after all.
Mega Evolution energy is proving
how useful it is once again.
MABLE: All right, time to go.
B CORE: [EXERTION]
ALIANA: All right, Slash!
DRUDDIGON: [SLASH MOVE]
B CORE: [SCREAM]/[PAINED GRUNT]
MABLE: Weavile, let's GO!
WEAVILE: [EAGER]
B CORE: [DEFIANT]
WEAVILE: [SURPRISED]
WEAVILE: [SHOCKED]
B CORE: [RISING YELL]
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROAR]
ALIANA: It's
like Bryony told us!
XEROSIC: Oh! Look at that!
WEAVILE: [PAINED GRUNT]
DRUDDIGON: [PAINED GRUNT]
MABLE: Do it!
ZYGARDE 10%: [ANNOYED]
ALIANA: Use Dragon Pulse!
DRUDDIGON: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
MABLE: Use Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
WEAVILE: [STARTLED]
MABLE: Everyone, fire!
HENCH WOMAN, WEAVILE: [SCREAM]
WEAVILE, DRUDDIGON: [SCREAM]
XEROSIC: What do you think
you're doing?! This is our
chance to catch it, while the
beam is still affecting it!
MABLE: Understood
B CORE: [EXERTION]/[PAINED
GRUNT]/[EXERTION]
MEOWTH: Hey, any luck?
JESSIE: That arrogant eyewear
gang is nowhere to be found.
JAMES: And when we don't want to
see them, they're in our faces.
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: Squishy?
JAMES: No, its
markings are different.
Perhaps a Squishy of
a different color?
B CORE: [SURPRISED]
JESSIE: Then that means
JAMES: Perhaps there's
more than one Squishy.
MEOWTH: Wow. Stop the presses!
JESSIE: What luck!
JAMES: And how!
We've struck Squishy GOLD!
B CORE: [DEFIANT]
JAMES: No you don't
JESSIE: Just relax
MEOWTH: You're ours now!
MEOWTH: I should say
You now belong to the Boss!
B CORE: [SURPRISED]
WEAVILE: [SATISFIED]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH
MEOWTH: YOU lugs!
Whawassat for?!
JESSIE: What do you know
JAMES: The glasses gang returns!
MABLE: Here we go. Who are you?
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble.
Here we go, indeed.
JAMES: And make it
double as you recede.
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: Those gaudy glasses
are a complete waste!
JAMES: The one thing
you lack IS: taste.
JESSIE: It's Jessie!!
JAMES: And it's James!!
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off with clear 20/20 vision!
JAMES: Surrendering now would
be a most prudent decision!
MEOWTH: Meowth, with precision!
MABLE: Thanks a lot.
Nice to meet you.
ALIANA: I'll wager Bryony
was talking about them.
MABLE: Time to stop
this childish nonsense!
B CORE: [PAINED GRUNT]
JESSIE: We're the real
grown‐ups around here!
JAMES: We're up for
a big job promotion!
MABLE: Oh, real mature
JAMES: Inkay, destroy
that ray! Psybeam, touché!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ALIANA: Druddigon, let's GO!
DRUDDIGON: [APPEARING]
MABLE: Use Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
JESSIE: All right,
Gourgeist, use Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
DRUDDIGON: [PAINED GRUNT]
WEAVILE: [STARTLED]
MABLE, ALIANA, HENCHMAN1,
HENCHMAN2, HENCH WOMAN:
ALIANA: There's something
wrong with those wackos.
MABLE: Go.
HENCHMAN 1, HENCHMAN2,
HENCHWOMAN: Right!
MABLE: I'm so sorry.
An unexpected problem kept
us from capturing Z2.
XEROSIC: Not acceptable!!
LYSANDRE: Isn't there anyone
nearby who can help them out?
XEROSIC: Hold on.
XEROSIC: Wait. Just one moment
XEROSIC: There is someone, but
XEROSIC: This person is your
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Persian !"
JESSIE: I can't run
JAMES: Even my stomach
cramps have cramps!
MEOWTH: Let's take
a cab next time.
INKAY: [HAPPY]
GOURGEIST: [AGREEMENT]JESSIE: Of course you're fine.
All you do is float.
Makes it easy to gloat!
B CORE: [SHIVERING]
JAMES: Maybe
it's cramping as well.
JESSIE: Cramping? Really?
You know, that reminds me.
The Twerps' Squishy likes
to lounge around in the sun,
doesn't it?
MEOWTH: Yeah, sunlight's
the way it gets its energy.
JAMES: Time for some tanning
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [CONFUSED]
JESSIE: There!
That looks like a good spot.
JAMES: How does that feel?
B CORE: [HAPPY]
JAMES: Success.
You're green with health!
JESSIE: Perfect! Off we go!
JAMES: Let's report
our success to the Boss!
MEOWTH: Then sit back
and soak in the praise!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
An Ice Beam? But HOW?
JESSIE: Get
this cube off of me!
MABLE: Well, that was easy.
WEAVILE: [THREATENING]
ALIANA: You're not
getting away this time.
DRUDDIGON: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SNEASEL, POOCHYENA,
SKORUPI: [GROWLING]
JAMES: Persistent
jerks, aren't they?
JESSIE: We'll deal with you and
your glasses after we deliver
this to headquarters!
MABLE: Sorry. Our
headquarters gets the delivery!
B CORE: [ANGRY]
MABLE: Weavile! Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Running is job one!
WEAVILE: [EXERTION]
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
INKAY: [SHOCKED]
MABLE: Give it up
and hand it over.
Playing tag is
pointless and boring.
JAMES: Not on your life!
You and your annoying glasses
ALIANA: Dragon Pulse, go!
DRUDDIGON: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
WOBBUFFET: [MIRROR COAT MOVE]
DRUDDIGON: [PAINED GRUNT]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Wobbuffet rules!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
POOCHYENA: [EXERTION]
SNEASEL: [EXERTION]
SKORUPI: [EXERTION]
DRUDDIGON: [GROWLING]
MABLE: Use Icy Wind!
WEAVILE: [CHARGING]
WEAVILE: [ICY WIND MOVE]
B CORE: [PAINED GRUNT]
POOCHYENA: [GROWLING]
SKORUPI: [GROWLING]
SNEASEL: [THREATENING]
MABLE: Prepare for retrieval.
JAMES: NOT TODAY!
JESSIE: Gourgeist, Dark Pulse!
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MABLE: Use Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
JAMES: Okay,
Inkay! Psybeam, now!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ALIANA: Druddigon, Slash! DRUDDIGON: [SLASH MOVE]
WEAVILE: [PAINED GRUNT]
DRUDDIGON: [SLASH MOVE]
JESSIE: Gourgeist,
Leech Seed, let's go!
GOURGEIST: [LEECH SEED MOVE]
DRUDDIGON: [SURPRISED]/[SHOCKED]
MABLE: What a complete pain.
Weavile, Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
HENCHMAN1,
HENCHMAN2, HENCHWOMAN:
Everybody attack, now!
POOCHYENA: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
SNEASEL: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
SKORUPI: [CROSS POISON MOVE]
GOURGEIST:
[SCREAM]/[PAINED GRUNT]
JESSIE: Gourgeist!
JAMES: Quick, Inkay, return!
JESSIE: And you, too!
MEOWTH: Whoa. Strong!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
WEAVILE: [TAUNTING]
B CORE: [SURPRISED]
DRUDDIGON: [TAUNTING]
ALIANA: Now let's wrap this up.
HENCHMAN 1: Right!
B CORE: [RISING YELL]
MABLE: Uh oh
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROAR]
SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Squishy, what's wrong?
MEOWTH: It got big!
JESSIE: What is that thing?
ZYGARDE 50%: [GROWLING]
ALIANA: Oh, boy
MABLE: It's really mad
ZYGARDE 50%:
[ROAR]/[DRAGON PULSE]
ALIANA: That power
It's the real deal!
MABLE: It's not going to
end the same as it did
in Terminus Cave!
MEOWTH: Man. That packs a punch!
JAMES: None of this
is making sense anymore!
DRUDDIGON: [ANGRY]
WEAVILE: [ANGRY]
ALIANA: Oh no. Not again!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
XEROSIC : Just in
the nick of time!
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROAR]
JESSIE: I've seen
that Charizard
ALAIN: That's our target?
MABLE: And you are
ALAIN: Listen, I'll buy
you some time. Be ready.
ZYGARDE 50%: [ANGRY]
ALAIN: Now, Charizard!
Use Dragon Claw!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
Uh oh. It's that guy!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ZYGARDE 50%: [SCREAM]
ALAIN: Respond to my heart,
Key Stone! Beyond Evolution!
Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [ROAR]
ZYGARDE 50%: [GROWLING]
MABLE: All right! Get it!
JAMES: We can't let
them beat us to the draw!
MEOWTH: Let's shut 'em down
JESSIE: All right,
Team, let's go!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ZYGARDE 50%: [EXERTION]
ALAIN: Quick! Block its attack!
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ZYGARDE 50%: [CHARGING]
ZYGARDE 50%: [STRUGGLING]
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[STRUGGLING]/[PAINED GRUNT]
ZYGARDE 50%: [GROWLING]
ALAIN: Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
MABLE: It's that light
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DODGING]/[PAINED GRUNT]
ALAIN: Guess it won't be as
easy to defeat as I hoped.
ZYGARDE 50%: [GROWLING]
ZYGARDE 50%: [STRUGGLING]
MABLE: Full power, now!
B CORE: [SHIVERING]/[SURPRISED]
MABLE: End of the line
JESSIE: No!
JAMES: That little
tyke belongs to us!
MEOWTH: So keep your paws OFF!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
JESSIE: We're
blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
B CORE: [DEFIANT]
MABLE: All right. Z2 is ours.
XEROSIC: Yess!
We finally succeeded!
ALAIN: Good job, Charizard.
CHARIZARD: [PLEASED]
MABLE: Alain, right?
Thanks to you, we completed
our mission successfully.
ALIANA: Why the help? You answer
to Lysandre and Lysandre alone!
ALAIN: He gave me a direct
order. And that was to catch Z2.
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GIOVANNI: I see.
You encountered them.
JESSIE: And not only that
JAMES: We also confirmed that
new species transforms into an
incredibly powerful Pokémon!
MEOWTH: It'll be a great
asset for Team Rocket.
GIOVANNI: Well keep it up.
Good work.
JESSIE: Sir!
JAMES: Looks like
we're going to be busy.
Especially with that Charizard!
MEOWTH: Busy is as busy does.
JESSIE: It's all for
one, and one for all.
JESSIE, JAMES,
MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET:
Down with goofy glasses!
WOBBUFFET: [WEAK AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: Respond!
Respond! Respond! Respond!
SQUISHY: [SAD]
BONNIE: Squishy?
ASH: Hey Bonnie, let's go.
BONNIE: Something's
wrong with Squishy.
CLEMONT: Even though it
spent so much time lounging
around in the sun?
BONNIE: Yeah I think Squishy's
worried about something.
ASH: Worried? Then
maybe you should hold it.
Squishy really likes
when you do that.
SERENA: It'll
feel better, I'm sure!
BONNIE: Squishy?
Everything will be okay.
I'll be right here with you.
SQUISHY: [SAD]
NARRATOR: As Team Flare
continues to advance their
operation, the wheels of fate
have begun to turn, drawing
the Kalos region ever
closer to devastation
LYSANDRE: Zygarde.
You belong to me!
NARRATOR:
as the journey continues.